drive safe, dont self harm, and control ur anger and study! and also try to get guy friends , this thing always hurt u soo try and improve it, or u might feel lonely again and also take care of urself, and Smile and love urself...

Orelseee i can stilllll slap u, uk me!

Raj thankuuu smmmmmmmm for everything, urrrr the real diamond not me, thanks for caring , thanksss for always veing there , always making me smile,and dont cry again , ik u wont, just still please dont , U STILLL HAVE THE PRETTIESTTTTTTTTT EYESSSSSSSSSSSSS EVERRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!! SO prettyyyyy that only looking at them can make me smileeee, Ill miss uuu MY hottieee, MY cutieeeeee and MY dearestttttttt dramaqueeennnnnnn!!!!!!!! Ur literallyyyyyyyy the best and u have the biggest heart that one can have.... i still believe that ur inner side isss the prettiest and that u dont show it to others.....

Replying to " Want me to make you smile one last time before you go? " yeah... pleaseee!!!!!! 
people teased you when your belt got opened but imagine how much you’ll blush when I open your everything

Replying to " After boards can we go back to talking normal " Yes PROMISEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Replying to " And even if you are going currently you are still my number 1 person " U TOOOOO!!!!!! ofc that goes without saying!!!!!!

will miss you " IK U WILL!!!!!! ILLL MISSS UUUU THE MOSTTTTTT!!!!!!!! Trust me time will flyyy..... we'lll see each other soon.. :) TATA par no tata, miss uuu so muchhhhh, thanku for everything thanks for making me smile, alwayssssss making meee feelll special smmmm. U are the real diamond!!!!!!! Also ik u think friends cant love each otherrrrrpar i still dont agree uk what i mean....if u are smart.... :) Ill miss u, stay happpyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy please smileeeeee!!!!!!!!

Thankyou for existing!

Replying to " thank you for letting me make you smile one last time " :) only u can make me smile so quick

Replying to " Replying to " Replying to " bye hemu! " tattatata dramaqueen my raju!!!!!! " bye angry bird!!! " :)miss u!