 Hi Raj, I dont know how to tell you this, or prove it to you, that u mean alot to me, ik u think idc enough, par i genuinely do. Its really hard knowing that i havent still made it up to u, I wanna make it up to u, wanna make u happy, I really wanna see u shine too, i wanna hold ur hand and never let go, I want u to get as happy as u could ever get!  I wanna see you achieving sm , getting so happy, making everyone proud, i wanna see my hottie get the perfect girl, perfect work, perfect car,perfect life, ik im ur little imperfect inconvenience , dont throw me off ur perfect life please. I love every moment we spend together. Especially the sports day, avd the youth parliament. It was so fun roaming around with u in the school, and i love chilling with u, u make me feel the happiest! Thank you for everything youve done for me, all your efforts , your letters, your smiles, your flowers, the special page, all of it means alot, more than u can imagive. I wanna hold ur hand and never let go, who knows where life will take us, if ill still be ur no 1 then, par im sure ill never leave u, i hope u dont too, Please understand me sometimes when im mad, cuz i get mad sometimes par i cant control it, im sorry raju for all the hurt i caused, Also omggg ur new picss so hottttt, HOT AF, my god those eyes are to die for . Take a picture of your eyes and put it on pinterest cuz people really want pretty wallpapers for their screen. SRSLY ur eyes are the prettiest eyes ive ever seen. I always get lost in them whenever i look at them. UR hot af, pls never get sad or dull pleas7777+e please. IM ALWAYS HERE FOR U . Ill stay till the very end...... :) 

 Darkness brings peace to the heart that's burnt Several scars underneath,people see none Just the stars of beauty shine out bright Rest is no divergent,all’s one It gives chimes to those who seek latent grieve And to the overthinkers for an overthought deed It give moonless midnight of the mind a rest And coaxes your heart to embrace it.

 The shine of star, the warmth of sun, the dreams are not too far, you just need to run. The rays of sun striking u hard, through the pain to a happy yard. Find ur light in the dark, dont search big, look for a little spark.